basically, today is Day 1

goal: the plan is to learn about the elements in login page and sign up page and develop one, additionally I'll try to style it aswell let's see how many days it's gonna take. 

ideas : theme is gonna be gazi 🥰🥰 , gazi's website, and pretty much try to add title tage to all the elements in the page, I wanna add the tree from her website,have to return back to it. planning to add a alot of Easter eggs hehe.smooth and relaxing musics would be nice.

Report: today finsihed up( partiality) with the sign up page, added some css and learned new kind of implementations of elements like span and input.came across so many new and unexplored elements such as selection, option, input types like mail,number,text,url,tel,date then....learned quite a bit of css aswell, thanks to my mentor.

day 2

ideas: made some changes and decided to include java and c to handle the backend along with js

report : just added the css to the login page and did some changes still not sure, learned(revised) some js, event handling,dom manipulation.

Day 3

ideas : decided to make encryption and decryption tool for security ofcourse in c for speed.

report : added some interactive features like checking whether all the input fields are filled before submitting and shows red border if it's not filled and started with my java aswell. created a hash map and created demo database (own inputs) to check it's working. just constructed the basic logic yet to paint the actual painting (draw the painting or paint? ). noticed somethings, today I learned about the dom manipulation and event handling in quite advanced way, I know it from classes but in a actual practice it feels even more complex and actually I understand the logic behind why and it's the thing that....ts is actual shi , real deal "I don't think I could have a learned it just from class".

day 4

ideas : today the plan is to learn even more java and gonna start to create the homepage after fixing the linking issue in js.

report: absolutely changed the entire folder structure. didn't change a single line of code yet somehow fucked up on the structure and took me 1.30 hrs to fix it and the next thing is tried to learn the files in java got cooked and accedentelly got my third star on hacker rank. just another day went along with the flow.

day 5

ideas : none..

report: fuck ass I hate life, I created the home page it only display the login or signup link with overly well written animations and designs.shit I didn't make it , deepseek and chatgpt obviously. I was only supposed to get the base shits like the necessary fields instead I for some reason made that entire shit with ai now it doesn't even feel like my own own shi, honestly I wanna delete that page. my actual idea was to create the page after logged in but turns out I wrote some useless page but it does look cool but is it necessary? nope then...ughhh I need to create the dashboard and other actual actual banking related shi, having so many stuffs coming up on my dumb ahh.today I found a tutorial on YouTube, it length is about 6 hours or some and he promises to teach tailwind,nextjs,and other frame works most importantly he made actual functioning real world website where you can actually perform the transactions.....deadass fingure this shit out yourself, fuck you 

day 6

ideas : should learn some some shit before diving head into the next phase 

report: today I had my html,css class at my college and for some reason I felt so fucking tired there next thing is I came here leaned some more about interface, abstraction, polymorphism and finished the modal 2 on my course at Coursera. I should primarily focusing on learning file handling, collections and other backend shits and need to solve alot..I mean a ton of fucking problems, deadass...

day 7

ideas : need to learn 

report : today, leaned about linked list in java not from the collections , I have manually implemented the list by class , it was very interesting like the actual joy from programming is typing and creating something without constantly getting the need to the look up onto something in the net. questions will arise,it will be ambitious but at the end of the typing straight for like an hour creating something, implementing my creativity, my sneaky out of the world tricks brings me so much joy.

day 8

ideas : learn..

report : leaned about the collections in java and looking forward to learn other shis aswell, ngl could have finished with file handling if I wasn't being disturbed. to be honest I should get back to work but I wanna learn, tailwind css and javascript and java. I can learn sql progressivevly as I continue with the project but these three things are very important and today I just discovered the code for a calculator in js.... dam shi was hot as fuck like who the fuck thought that making a simple ahh calculator would require this many lines of code, I understand it involves dom still It showed me my level... doin some leetcode, called it a day.

day 9 
ideas : dam....

report: feel like faking my streak on here, today solved some hackerrank, Euler. 

day 10
ideas : bow

report: leaned no shit tbh not that much, 

day 11

ideas : wrote something on the java files


report: today was a big day, morning started with file handling done no shi. around 3 I went to get my haircut, I must have done something to him in my previous life, bro cooked me fr, should fix it Tommorow (soo fucking frustrated). for the project, learned java file handling, serialisation, deserialisation, and some backend works and developed the backend for the user's action ( not completed) like deposit and withdraw functions. most importantly I usually having an error in my java file always, I ignored it like a real man, today I started with my java, it showed error in my package declaration,"incorrect name" how's the possible vs code is the one who imported the package, in an practice file I encountered this and handled it by specifying the it's dir. but this time I can't do shi it's a big structure so I tried every possible combinations and every permenention of every known elements and the error persisted, finally I gave up and decided to study css and js and I accidentally open the vs code with my project, for my suprise it doesn't show any error and runs just fine....all I had to done was to restart that shi....like yea, wasted only an hour, didn't eat my dinner now I'm silently starving, don't even have any snacks.. goodnight 

day 12 
ideas: need to learn more, need to develop more

report: done with temprary java backend, the way that i am going is very inconsistent and around the cliff, but i think its a good thing in one way in which i can explore more than just one path and learned alot of stuff tbh like java.secure and random uid generation and pattern checker. is this the right way to work on the project? my objective is to learn so i guess its going well in this way but i can't be certain cause i ain't know all that, this could be bad or good, i can only wait to see how it unfolds 


day 13

ideas: need to learn the basic shis and develop strong foundation I mean a strong foundation in the basics 

report: today i went to my friend's brithday party but I won't say it like a excuse , i genuinely feel like a useless piceiof shi. my friends just overates me and for the project part i did 0 work, i started with the backend tried to complete the main function and just tried to get done with the backend and work and decided to connect the frontend with yhe backend but i got knocked, I dont know why then i felt very sleepy and fell asleep while watching some css tutorial, i didn't eat from the morning, didn't drink water, my friend gave me two pieces of kitkat that was my meal for the whole day till 8:00 pm i had a barely enough dinner(birthday party) I can't eat everything in the restaurant soo.
tomorrow I'm going home and I wouldn't be able to work on the laptop but I'll try with my mobile, lets see


day 14
ideas : ggrr gerr idk

report: got sick and since the grand holodays of 3 days are coming i took a leave and went home and i don't have a laptop here so did no shi.could have doen smt but not

day 15
ideas: tf

report:sameeeeee, deleted insta to watching shorts is crazy and finished gpt 5's limit 

day 16 
ideas : deadass

report: today was a wonderful day for leetcode, solved 2 or 3 questions and implemented the algo in multiple different vast amount of 3 languages.  just had a long ahh chit chat with my friend, personal life is going like normal for a normal person but the word normal and me shouldn't belong in the same sentance, for some reason i always feels tired, frustrated, and deadass (I'm currently sick) still. leaned about the typecasting in js and java . 

day 17
ideas : 😭

report : yesterday git was not opening for some reason. yesterday was a leetcode day did some and slept 

day 18

ideas : need to grind 

report: today I discovered about open source contributions and that's how I can get a gf with my taste atleast kinda. so I'm planning doing some open source contributions in the future and need to study leetcode patterns. heavy sickness for the past couple of days btw.

day 19

ideas : questions 

report:today leaned some raw ass date and time concept in java and solved a leetcode like fucking idiot that's it.